docs(`claim`): specification for `claim` (#45)
ignite/modules: x/claim/spec/05_params.md

<!--
order: 5
-->

# Parameters

> The parameters of the module contain information about decaying for airdrop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters of the module contain information about time-based decay for the airdrop supply.
```
